Questions? Call us at (650) 436-4477
Team Tomorrow
The Internship of the Future
Instructors recommend top students from AI Camp’s programs for internships at AI Camp and beyond.
For ages 13 - 18
Real Work. Real Experience.
AI Camp’s Team Tomorrow provides motivated students the chance to work for external companies. We believe the best way to learn is by doing, and through this program, students learn and work as professionals while still attending school.
Function Professionally
Research and learn on your own, seek out best practices, help others, and learn from each other
Contribute to Products
Code the majority of three big features. Gradually optimize the code and self-initiative these activities
Lead a Team of Developers
Build products while training newcomers on how to become professionals
Update Your Resume
Maintain a personal website and update your LinkedIn page to reflect what you are capable of
Top Companies Depend on Us
Healthcare
Focusing on intelligent automation for a company in the healthcare sector, our developers build tools to automate repetitive tasks to reduce costs and and improve caregiver experiences in the workflow.
WEB 3
Our Team Tomorrow developers build tools using data from the blockchain and APIs to help people make smart decisions when trading cryptocurrencies or NFTs.
Imprint
Imprint is a full-stack e-commerce platform for rewarding customers and backing up their purchase decisions. One of our developers has created and shipped automatic VPNs for employees and is continuing to do AWS management.
AI Camp
AI Camp's interns and student developers collaborate professionally to maintain $10k worth of servers, automate internal operations, and design impactful products, like Hippo2. This is our custom-built internal and customer-facing interface that facilitates several operations that are vital towards helping AI Camp generate millions in revenue annually.
How to Join Team Tomorrow
Top Students Are
Recommended By Instructors
Register for an AI Camp course or program and become a top performing student to get a recommendation from an AI Camp Instructor.
Register for Courses
Rohan | Age: 14
Title: Machine Learning and Software Engineer
Not Your Typical Internship
"AI Camp offered me the opportunity to work on a mobile app that could reach thousands of people to teach them computer vision. Overall, I learned the value of solving problems in a wide range of areas from education to character recognition in images."
Rohan automates the communication of instructors, parents, and students using Discord, in addition to building machine learning pipelines for external companies like Notable Health.
Register for Courses
From Real, Employable
Knowledge to Real Experiences
Why Team Tomorrow?
50% of Recent Graduates
Are Unemployed.
Why is that?
  Most students focus on preparing for a good college, then spend all their time getting ready to graduate. By the time they finish college, a lack of work experience makes it difficult to get a job.
Our students have a 6-year head start in gaining real work experience through internships and part-time work for top companies, giving them a massive advantage when it comes to future employment.
Our Impact
5,000+
Students taught from around the world
$1 Million+
80+
Revenue generated by student developers and staff
Unique AI products created by students
>99% Accuracy on Character Recognition Models
My team created a character recognition model with >99% accuracy, and are working to deploy it into a pipeline that is near effortless for a company in the healthcare sector to adopt into their workflow. There’s always something new to learn and I never get confined doing the same thing over and over again.
Jackson Choyce
Senior Software Engineer
Team Tomorrow Lead
Products Generate
Millions in Revenue
I make data-driven decisions to design the external interfaces that customers interact with. With constant learning experiences and opportunities for growth, I have not only strengthened my leadership skills by leading my own team, but also developed a more extensive range of technical skills within the product design, marketing, and data science sectors of the tech industry. 
Bernice Lau
Product Designer
Product Design Team Lead
Blockchain Analysis
Tools for NFT Trading
My team is developing blockchain analysis tools for NFT trading. Working at AI Camp has exposed me to many different aspects of the tech industry. It has given me the confidence that I can succeed wherever I go. AI Camp’s community is full of driven learners - everyone is constantly pushing themselves to learn more and also share what they learned.
David Kim
Software Engineer 
Team Tomorrow Lead
Hear From Student Developers
Flexible Part-Time Work
Remote experience with impactful results.
Register for Courses
Learn More
Our Mission
Our Blog
Student Products
Contact Us
Email: hello@ai-camp.org
Phone: (650) 436-4477

2627 Hanover Street,
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Terms of Service
Privacy
Reviews
Keep Up With Us!
AI Camp Help Center
Back to Top
Created with love in California. 
© 2022 by AI Camp.  
Careers
