Our Programs
Student Products
Why AI Camp
Login
Questions? Call us at (650) 436-4477
Online Programs for Ages 13+ | 100% Virtual
Embark on your AI Adventure: Learn, Build, Grow
Craft Real AI Products and forge your path to a top university or a job in the Tech industry with Our Programs
Get Started
The AI Camp Advantage
Virtual
Online Programs
100%
5,000+
Successful AI Camp Alumni and Counting
ZERO
Coding Experience Recquired
Your Vision, Your AI Creation 
At AI Camp, we believe in learning by doing. Our programs are designed to foster creativity and hands-on experience, helping students to not only learn but also to implement real-world AI solutions.
  With the guidance of our top-notch mentors and instructors, who are alumni of prestigious institutions like Stanford and MIT, you will embark on a journey of discovery and innovation. 
  Join us and step into a world of endless possibilities with AI Camp, where your AI vision transforms into reality.
4.8/5
Trustpilot Rating by 340+ Parents & Students
300+
Unique AI Products Built by Students
Expert Guidance
We source the best mentors and instructors from top universities and companies
The AI Camp Experience
Acquire In-Demand Tech Industry Skills
Level-up both your technical skills and soft-skills by stepping into roles that nurture your leadership and growth.
Engaged Learning Enviornemnt
Benefit from a focused and interactive learning environment. (6 students per instructor max.)
Hands-on Experience creating AI Products
Add to your portfolio and the community by making an AI product that has real-world applications!
Expand Your Network in the Tech Industry
Connect with industry experts and like-minded peers, opening doors to future opportunities and collaborations. 
Our Programs
Discover the AI Camp program that's right for you
AI Sandbox
(Beginner)
Offered Year-Round | 100% Online
Program Length: 4 sessions, 1.5 hr each
Price: $199
Welcome to AI Sandbox, the perfect playground for you to learn how to use AI tools like ChatGPT, Runway, Stability AI, and many more!
What to Expect:
No programming experience required!
An introductory program designed to teach you the fundamentals of AI
A video project created by you and your team using AI tools 
Learn More
Register Now
AI Bootcamp
(Intermediate)
Summer Program | 100% Online
Program Length: 3 Weeks
Price: $2,349
Elevate the excitement as you collaborate with your team over the course of 3-weeks to craft your very own AI-powered masterpiece.
What to Expect:
No programming experience required!
A functioning AI product built by you and your team
Instructors from top universities (Stanford, CMU, MIT, etc.)  
6 students per instructor max.
Learn More
Register Now
Guided Internship
(Advanced)
Fall Program | 100% Online
Program Length: 10 Weeks
Price: $1,552
Embark on a 10-week mentor-led journey, propelling your young career through hands-on projects and invaluable industry experience.
What to Expect:
Expert mentorship from industry professionals (Google, OpenAI, Adobe, and more!)  
Build a real AI product for clients
A shining AI Camp Certification & Letter of Recommendation
Learn More
Register Now
Our students make real products.
This product
booked
$1M+
in revenue so far.
Our custom-built course registration software, created by our top students, has already garnered over $1 million in revenue. We envision it being the cornerstone of a thriving community, generating millions more in the future.
Try it at: 
app.ai-camp.org/courses
Explore More Products
Hear from Our Instructors
Blake Alexander
Brescia University
"Witnessing the excitement students feel as they build projects and get the hang of the material is something that I’ve enjoyed about my experience teaching at AI Camp."
Jinxuan Tang
Columbia University
"What I value the most with respect to AI Camp's teaching methods is that instead of guiding our students step by step, we encourage them to find answers on their own, step out of their comfort zone and unleash their creativity."
Rated 4.8/5 Stars
See More Testimonials
Learn More
Our Mission
Our Blog
Student Products
Reviews
Keep Up With Us!
Contact Us
Email: hello@ai-camp.org
Phone: (650) 436-4477

2627 Hanover Street,
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Terms of Service
Privacy
AI Camp Help Center
Back to Top
Created with love in California. 
© 2022 by AI Camp.  