Our Programs
Student Products
Why AI Camp
Login
Questions? Call us at (650) 436-4477
Our Students Build Real AI Products That People Use
Register for AI Courses
By creating an AI product, our students apply what they learn through first-hand experience of being an engineer, product manager, or data scientist. If you want to learn how to make these products, join us!
Makes them more competitive academically
Provides them with the professional skills that enable them to intern at companies
Gives them insights into their future careers
Our students don't make PowerPoints.
 
They make
impressive AI products people actually use.

In just three weeks these students made a face mask detector to help business owners fight the
Covid-19 Pandemic.
Catherine H, Katie S, Madeleine B, Rahul G, Sarghi S
Try it at
covid-mask.ai-camp.org
Level 1: Fundamentals in 1 Week
Jumpstart your future with data by building dashboards and analyzing visualizations.
Dungeon Crawler Game
Built By
Anish, Josephine, Leon, Luke, William

We used AI to create a game where the goal is to fight off monsters and escape from the dungeon.

Try This Product
Watch Our Product Demo
Built By
Data Science Job Outlook Dashboard
View 1-Week Summer Camp Projects
Jayden, Lucas, Pierce, Shriya

We created a dashboard to visualize job outlook statistics for various careers in data science.

Try This Product
Level 2: 3-Week Summer Camp
Build impressive products for your college portfolio and resume while gaining professional experience.
Hand Gesture Video Game
Built By
Alan, Dale, Gonzalo, Noah, Vincent

We used computer vision to control games through hand motions.

See This Product in Action
Github Repository
AI Detects Tumors
Built By
Aarush, Enzo, Felix, HaJasper, Malvika, Riley, Samuel

We used data science to predict melanoma tumor sizes.

See This Product in Action
Github Repository
Song Lyric Bot
Built By
Emilio, Devin H, Greg C, Jennifer G, Leonardo A, Vincent Y

We used natural language processing to create a rap bot.

See This Product in Action
Github Repository
View 3-Week Summer Camp Projects
Guided Internship
Learn professional practices and skills by delivering high-impact products to real companies.
Project Firestart
These students utilized AI to help the environment by tracking the release of methane gas from gas flares.
AI Summarizes Media
Built By
Eiko, Gokul, Kieran, Nicole, Srikar, Emily

We created a web app that automatically generates summarized notes for any audio, video, or text input using cutting-edge language models.

Try This Product
Github Repository
Peer Editing and Efficiency Robot
Built By
Amogh, Blake, Dylan, Ian, Reign, Vamsee

We utilized GPT-3 to give written feedback and suggestions on product specifications.

Try This Product
Github Repository
Team Tomorrow: Our Investment In You
Launch your professional career with a technical internship designed for young self-starters.  
Team Tomorrow Website
Built By
Bernice, Daniel, Jamie, Kalen, Said, Toryn

We built a dynamic website to showcase our TT developers' projects and portfolios. 

Try This Product
AI Camp Custom Software
Built By
Alexander, Bernice, Jackson, Sricharan, Zachary, and more!

We built a custom, all-in-one course registration, back office, and dashboard system for AI Camp's product operations.

Try This Product
Get Ahead with Real Work Experience at AI Camp and Beyond.
Team Tomorrow Spotlight: Rohan Joshi 
Age: 14
Title: Machine Learning and Software Engineer
Not Your Typical Internship...
"AI Camp offered me the opportunity to work on a mobile app that could reach thousands of people to teach them computer vision. Overall, I learned the value of solving problems in a wide range of areas from education to character recognition in images."
Rohan automates the communication of instructors, parents, and students using Discord, in addition to building machine learning pipelines for external companies.
The Real Product is Our Students
They Know How to Learn as Professionals
01/
Learn by working
02/
Use Data to Make Decisions
They Have Impressive Records
01/
Create real products
02/
Immerse themselves within internships
They Have Direction for Their Future
01/
Have Good Understanding of Various Jobs
02/
Understanding Dangers of Student Loans*
Words From Our Students
Rated 4.8/5 stars by hundreds of satisfied students
See More Reviews
"My team and I created an awesome, interactive, entertaining, and immersive final product, showcasing everything we learned during the camp."
  - Kalen
“I absolutely loved this camp - it was awesome getting to interact with team members and my instructor and collaborate to make a product of our choice that could make an impact through multiple aspects.”
  - Adithya
"It wasn't just programming and machine learning, there was also teamwork and communication. My team was able to create a product we are proud of!"
  - Felix
We Are Only as Great as the Doors We Open.
Join us, make something cool,
and be ready for the future.
Register for AI Courses
Learn More
Our Mission
Our Blog
Student Products
Careers
Contact Us
Email: hello@ai-camp.org
Phone: (650) 436-4477

2627 Hanover Street,
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Terms of Service
Privacy
Reviews
Keep up with us!
Back to Top
Created with love in California. 
© 2022 by AI Camp.  
