Our Programs
Student Products
Why AI Camp
Login
Questions? Call us at (650) 436-4477
Online Programs for Ages 13+ | 100% Virtual
Learn AI with Zero Coding Experience 
AI Camp educates future leaders on AI, coding, and the process of crafting remarkable AI products, all while providing opportunities for tech internships.
Register for Courses
5,000+
4.8/5
310+
$1M+
Students taught remotely from around the world
Trustpilot Rating by 340+ Parents and Students
Unique AI products built by students
Revenue generated by students and staff
Featured in  —
Inside AI Camp
Founded by
Stanford Ph.Ds 
Start your AI journey with industry leaders from Stanford and CMU, who are committed to unlocking your potential in the world of artificial intelligence. 
Build Impressive
AI Products
At AI Camp, we believe in learning by doing. Our students craft impressive AI products with real-world applications – a valuable addition to your college application portfolio.
Acquire In-Demand Skills with Us
Elevate your skills with our job-focused engineering and data training. Master data-driven decision-making and build invaluable industry connections for a thriving tech career.
Our Programs
Discover the AI Camp program that's right for you
AI Sandbox
(Beginner)
Jump into the exciting world of AI with our beginner's adventure – learn the fundamentals of top AI tools!
What to Expect:
Zero coding experience required
An introductory program designed to teach you the fundamentals of AI
A video project created by you and your team using AI tools 
Offered Year-Round | 100% Online
Program Length:
4 sessions, 1.5 hrs each session
Learn More
AI Bootcamp
(Intermediate)
Join us for an engaging intermediate-level adventure, perfect for students looking to build a real AI product!
What to Expect:
Zero coding experience required
A fully functioning AI product built by you and your team
Instructors from top universities (Stanford, CMU, MIT, etc.)
6 students per instructor 
Offered Year-Round | 100% Online
Program Length:
3-weeks (Summer, Full-Time)
10-weeks (School Year, Part-Time)
Learn More
Guided Internship
(Advanced)
The ultimate adventure designed to train the best students into young professionals!
What to Expect:
Expert mentorship from industry professionals (Google, OpenAI, Adobe, and more!)  
Build a real AI product for clients
A shining AI Camp Certification & Letter of Recommendation
Fall Program | 100% Online
Program Length:
10-weeks
 Learn More
Our students don't make PowerPoints.
 
They make
impressive AI products people actually use.

In just three weeks these students made a face mask detector to help business owners fight the
Covid-19 Pandemic.
Try it at
covid-mask.ai-camp.org
Explore More Products
Hear from AI Camp Alumni
Vamsee
3-Week Summer Course
"Honestly if you would have told me we were going to have a website this good in the start, I would have laughed. The result is turning into something super cool and I’m so proud of our group."
Jayden
3-Week Summer Course
"I really liked a lot of the stuff at the beginning of the meeting especially the overall philosophy AI Camp is encouraging informed decision making."
Alex
3-Week Summer Course
"It’s very exciting to be starting professional work at the age of only 18, and some of us even younger... I think that’s going to help us skyrocket our careers
really fast."
See More Testimonials
A World-Class Team
Dedicated to Our Students
Our advisors, mentors, and instructors are industry and academic experts in AI. They founded impactful companies or are currently conducting cutting edge research in AI.
Start Your AI Journey Now.
Register for Courses
Learn More
Our Mission
Our Blog
Student Products
Careers
Contact Us
Email: hello@ai-camp.org
Phone: (650) 436-4477

2627 Hanover Street,
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Terms of Service
Privacy
Reviews
Keep up with us!
Back to Top
Created with love in California. 
© 2022 by AI Camp.  
